---
layout: post
title:  "Iranian national identity card (INID)"
category: draft
---
# INID
The Iranian National Identity Card (INID) is a smart card issued to citizens of Iran. It contains biometric data and can be used for various purposes, including identification, authentication, and access control.

For the past eight years, I and my friends have been developing building blocks for a platform that offers essential democratic services. It enables secure participation in activities ranging from financial transactions and political campaigns to elections. At the core of this web 3.0 platform is a zero-knowledge proof of user identity and user authentication, achieved using the national identity card and biometric passports.

We have been working on the INID project for some time, and I am excited to share our progress. We can now create a zero-knowledge proof of a user’s identity offline, using the NFC chip on a standard mobile phone.  
This means that users can prove they possess an authentic and unique INID without revealing any personal information. This information can be used to authenticate users and provide access to various services, such as voting, banking, and online transactions.

In the coming days, I will share more details about the INID project, including its functionality, features, and potential for enabling digital democracy in Iran. I welcome your feedback and suggestions as we continue to develop this important project. Please feel free to contact me via the GitHub repositories mentioned below.

# INID and Digital Democracy
Our work on INID aims to enable digital democracy in Iran (https://github.com/Iranians-Vote-Digital-Democracy/INID). This initiative is part of a larger project focused on bringing digital identity to Iranians (https://github.com/Iranians-Vote-Digital-Democracy)(https://github.com/tcfev/Fordem).
